Count Vladimir the Journeyman Necromancer is wanted for murder.
Meler the Apprentice Swordsman is wanted for the murder of 3 people.
Malketh the Journeyman Necromancer is wanted for murder.
Jeb [PvP] is wanted for murder.
Xi Xi [PvE] is wanted for the murder of 4 people.
Noctavious [PvE] is wanted for murder.
Wazo the Grandmaster Brawler is wanted for murder.
Paavu [PvP] is wanted for murder.
Ixrac [PvP] is wanted for murder.
Ixrak [PvP] is wanted for the murder of 8 people.
Vash Dee [PvE] is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
Babadull [PvE] is wanted for the murder of 3 people.
bowcraftlj the Grandmaster Bowyer is wanted for murder.
Tristrad the Apprentice Wizard is wanted for murder.
Gulrim [PvE] is wanted for murder.
Nakith the Grandmaster Meditator is wanted for murder.
SSS [PvP] is wanted for the murder of 8 people.
Trillgim [PvE] is wanted for murder.
Quendi [PvE] is wanted for murder.
Ihkram IV the Apprentice Alchemist is wanted for murder.
OoOoooOooOOoO the Legendary Undertaker is wanted for the murder of 4 people.
Mithril the Apprentice Beastmaster is wanted for murder.
Sparkles the Elder Spy is wanted for murder.
Bones the Grandmaster Meditator is wanted for murder.
Seth the Elder Warlock is wanted for murder.
Rhot the Elder Skulker is wanted for murder.
TRAINEE the Apprentice Healer is wanted for the murder of 3 people.
MASTERYS the Apprentice Necromancer is wanted for murder.
MASTERYY the Novice Necromancer is wanted for murder.
Anfeng's Shadow the Apprentice Tactician is wanted for murder.
Mary's Shadow the Apprentice Tactician is wanted for murder.
Fairy [PvE] is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
GooGID the Apprentice Meditator is wanted for murder.
Monro the Grandmaster Spiritualist is wanted for murder.
Mary the Legendary Archmage is wanted for murder.
Captain Blakteef the Legendary Skulker is wanted for murder.
Peikko the Elder Deadeye is wanted for murder.
Haamujousi the Grandmaster Scholar is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
Ujer the Novice Swordsman is wanted for murder.
Dan-o's Seasonin the Journeyman Driven is wanted for murder.
Berserker the Apprentice Swordsman is wanted for the murder of 10 people.
XHh the Legendary Swordsman is wanted for murder.
Enzo the Legendary Skulker is wanted for murder.
Lin the Legendary Skulker is wanted for murder.
Ye the Apprentice Merchant is wanted for murder.
AP the Apprentice Merchant is wanted for murder.
AT the Legendary Swordsman is wanted for murder.
Orm the Elder Skulker is wanted for the murder of 12 people.
Larry Kenobi the Adept Driven is wanted for murder.
Alexander the Legendary Skulker is wanted for the murder of 10 people.
Xenophon the Expert Driven is wanted for murder.
Camembert the Journeyman Driven is wanted for murder.
Uvehyld the Expert Driven is wanted for murder.
Isekiad the Legendary Wizard is wanted for murder.
Trapped Mummy the Legendary Undertaker is wanted for the murder of 2 people.
Vezadunu [PvP] is wanted for murder.
Zakinux the Journeyman Driven is wanted for murder.
Denyde the Grandmaster Biologist is wanted for murder.
